[MUSIC]
>> Lukas: So, what we are going to
do is create a widgets feature.
You're welcome to use any of
the other features as an example.
So, for instance you could reference home.
They're fairly consistent.
Other than experiments I tend to
build out on that a little further.
And, so create a widgets feature,
that's going to include the file
structure, the class for it.
You can do your template inline or
as a template URL.
Your call,
play around with both if you want,
and then display your widgets
component in the home component.
Bonus, if you actually look at the routes,
so
there's a few things I'm gonna allow you
to push yourself on, is you can create
a simple route to navigate to that
component, the widgets component directly.
It's pretty easy to figure it out.
And so if you want to add an additional
button to the nav bar across the top to go
to widgets, we're gonna do that anyways.
But it wouldn't hurt to maybe
get a head start on that,
as well as, please write a widgets test.
And, fairly straightforward but the big
thing is I want you to create the widgets
file structure, and the file, and
then get that rendering in your home page.